### License of the Jano Ticketing System

This License incorporates the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU 
Affero General Public License, supplemented by the additional permissions
and terms listed below.
 
#### 0. Additional Definitions.

As used herin, **"this License"** refers to this version of the license of 
the Jano Ticketing System, and the **"GNU AGPL"** refers to version 3 of 
the GNU Affero General Public License. 

The **"Application"** refers to a covered work governed by this License, 
other than a Module or a Combined Work as defined below.

A **"Module"** is any work that makes use of an interface provided by the 
Application, but which is not otherwise based on the Application.

A **"Combined Work"** is a work produced by combining or linking one or 
more Module(s) with the Application. The particular version of the 
Application with which the Combined Work was made is also called the 
**"Linked Version"**.

The **"Minimal Corresponding Source"** for a Combined Work means the 
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code for 
portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are based on 
the Module, and not on the Linked Version.

#### 1. Remote Network Interaction.

You are not bound by section 13 of the GNU AGPL provided that: if you 
modify the Program, your modified version must prominently offer all users 
interacting with it remotely through a computer network (if your version 
supports such interaction) an opportunity to receive the Minimal 
Corresponding Source of your version by providing access to the Minimal 
Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge, through some 
standard or customary means of facilitating copying of software. This 
Minimal Corresponding Source shall include the Corresponding Source for 
any work covered by version 3 of the GNU General Public License that is 
incorporated pursuant to section 13 of the GNU AGPL.

#### 2. Appropraite Legal Notice.

You shall preserve the following legal notices and author attributions in 
the Program and the Appropriate Legal Notices displayed by the Program:

* "Copyright &copy; Andrew Ying 2016-18"; and
* "Licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0".

#### 3. Origin of Materal; Trademarks.

You shall mark modified versions of the Program in reasonable ways as
different from the original version.

"Jano", "Jano Ticketing" and the Jano logo are common law trademarks of 
Andrew Ying. You may retain the trademarks in verbatim copies of the 
Program and in the Appropriate Legal Notices displayed by the Program. 
Other use of the trademarks is subject to the Jano Ticketing Trademark 
Policy which may be changed from time to time. You must not use for 
publicity purposes of names of licensors or authors of the Program 
without written authorisation.